security weekly exercise

Safe as Houses Challenge
take photos of their reak key ,then ask key companys to make replica.

Protect the Crown Jewels

buy safety box and hide the key in dog neclex
in general , people think that hide something important at unmoved place(such as bank),
so It would be nice idea to hide it to lively thing like your pet.


Dumpster 'Driving'
What is his/her name?
Adam by tish

What suburb does (s)he likely live in?
Melbourne by mykey

Which suburbs does (s)he frequent?
None

What type of computer/devices does (s)he own?

Name 4 shops that (s)he frequents. What times does (s)he likely frequent them? Take a guess based on the suburb of some potential stores that (s)he may have visited.
Create a timeline of where (s)he was at what time.
What type of phone does the owner use?
What does (s)he look like?
What brand clothes does (s)he wear? Which size?
Has (s)he travelled anywhere recently?
Which companies has (s)he recently visited?
Any medical conditions?


steal Penguin
Please come up with a proposal and consider and address the following concerns :
When the penguin stealing would occur? Day or night?

night is better , no people. in general , it is better to attack when they are busy for
other things like Christmas

How we would gain access to the facility? Do we even need to gain access to the facility?

maybe you can buy ticket at noon and stay and hide there to midnight

How will we get past security?

get key or certificate of their animal staff

How will we remain undetected?
go other country

How will the penguin be transported away from the facility?

car? bicycle some vehicle

How will we physically reach the penguin in the exhibit?
feed them and catch ?
or use tool to catch like ami

What resources are required?
map, glove , key ,box for penguin

How do we cover our tracks so as to not be caught?

remove your foot trace
remove your ginger trace (use glove)

Is there a way we can remove suspicion so that no penguin-napping is suspected?

put another penguin in there


something owesome
CTF 
picu up field and study focus 

nextweek
check tutor privacy
